today am I gonna show you how to do the
calamari how to slice it how to fry it
properly here I have calamari about one
kilo and a half enough for four or five
people we are gonna cut the calamari the
head of the calamari maybe sometimes as
you can see I first cut it in half
sometimes they have these teeth right
here this is that I got don't have any
teeth but you have to be careful with
those the rest of the calamari must be
cut like this so I get all my cutted
calamari and I put it in a strainer and
leave it in there for a few minutes now
we wash it really really good with
plenty of water we are gonna add one
teaspoon of baking soda powder in there
and we are gonna mix it really good now
what the so does the soda makes it way
easier to cook and gives a better taste
afterwards
butthole you're gonna leave it like that
with a soda at least for ten minutes and
then you are gonna wash it really really
really good three four times otherwise
if the soda remain in the calamari it
will give you an acetate now we worsted
and we added enough salty there other as
much as you want so you guys am I gonna
show you a way to flour the calamari
without waste any flour and without do a
huge mess in the kitchen so you get a
plastic bag you put flour in there and
you put the calamari in also put some
flour on the top and just work the
product like that that way you are gonna
flour it way more easy instead of
flowering piece by piece that's it right
here
in order to fry the calamari right you
are gonna need a lot of corn oil so you
kinda deep-fry them and you're gonna
need high temperature now be careful
because the most time you leave the
calamari to fry the more film is gonna
be so you want it to be nice and good to
chew so be careful how much you're gonna
fry while these are prank you better get
a plate with some paper towel on there
there we go guys let me show you closely
I mean simplicity on its best right now
accompany that with a Greek salad and or
with a green salad and it's gonna be
amazing
enjoy